Hey,
what's going on?
It's still burn.
It's time for the Thursday afternoon.
Just before Friday,
Monday morning podcast.
And I'm just checking in.
Aha.
You,
Ooh,
I'm sorry.
How are you?
How's your week going?
I hope it's gone.
Wonderful up here.
You're a giant yourselves.
Um,
I'm actually having a great week.
I just did a a,
I just did too.
Two nights at the Irvine Improv that I had not been to and fuck any,
he probably like,
why bill?
Why did you bend?
Well,
I've been done the Irvine Improv and so many fucking years.
Why is it,
I mean,
it's a mirror fucking 15,
20 miles away from Hollywood where you live.
Your big fucking phony.
What happened?
Huh?
Why didn't you go?
We are too busy getting fucking sexually harassed,
you know,
so you didn't drive down there?
No,
that's not,
that's a good gas.
That would be a good guest with,
with all the stories out there.
Um,
I was not sexually harassed.
I wanted it.
No.
Um,
I didn't go down there because the fucking traffic,
the Goddamn motherfucking traffic on the way down there,
it's like a fucking two hour drive.
Okay.
To go like fucking 15,
20 miles.
It's like a two hour drive and then when you go back you think it will,
at least now it's like around midnight there's going to be no fucking traffic.
But then that's when they work on the fucking road and they get it all the way
down to one lane and actually take everybody on the highway off of the fucking
highway.
And at that point you can kind of go fuck yourselves.
Maybe they put a couple of signs up and it just became like this,
this eight hour gig that was like fun.
Good.
Like I just,
I don't know,
I've just,
I don't know how many fucking miles I've driven in my career,
but that,
that was the Gig that broke me.
I was just like,
I can't fucking do this anymore.
All right.
So anyways,
I,
uh,
start my year on the road this weekend coming up tomorrow.
Actually,
I'm going to be in Reno.
So all Billy's got to shake the rust off.
Alright.
Oh,
Billy dad pants.
Billy around the house.
It's got a fucking remember how to do stand up until I just shut my recorder
off.
Just slammed down on the ground.
Yes.
So I need to do a couple of tune up shows.
So I went down there and I was like,
wait a minute.
I've gotten my pilot's license since the last time we did the Irvine Improv.
I'll rent a fucking are 20 to fly down with an instructor and I'll go up and
over,
but a Yada Yada,
Yada.
Go
fuck yourselves.
You know,
fly over all of that shit.
This is what a contact I.
So I go over there like,
we start flying down with my instructor and all,
I'm praying for his bumper to bumper traffic.
All I want to see is red fucking break legs,
not moving the hallway down.
So we go to takeoff.
There's a full moon in the sky.
Beautiful sunset over the fucking wall.
I mean,
it's beautiful.
I get in the fucking air and I'm looking down.
The traffic's not moving that bed.
Like what the fuck,
right.
Go right over downtown La,
Florida.
Burbank dude.
We got down there from startup to shut down.
We got there in like 32 minutes.
It was incredible.
Jumped in a cab.
Quick little five minute ride from John Wayne or whatever.
A 10 minute ride over.
No traffic.
I got there,
I was in the best mood,
um,
since I had been there.
They moved to like a new location and that talking gigantic mall of the mall.
So big as a Ferris wheel.
Okay.
Now I'm not trying to step on any toes out there in Minnesota.
All right.
I know you got it.
You got to fucking rollercoaster in yours.
But this is like the biggest one that I've seen or be honest with you that I
want to see.
It's like a little city.
You know,
like one night,
the second night we were there,
the cab driver dropped us off and then we realized that even though we were at
the mall that the Improv was in,
we were still like a half a mile away from where the fucking thing was.
So we had to get back in the cab.
Hey,
I'm telling you,
it was huge.
Okay.
So,
and then we go,
but you know,
do two shows,
the show ends get back in the helicopter,
you know,
um,
it was a little,
you know,
I haven't done a lot of night flights,
so flying down was a little weird because of all the lights and everything,
but on the way back he gives you,
you can see the lights of downtown La.
So just point right at that and um,
came back,
went Kohanga pass and right back in,
it was just,
it was fucking great.
Came home,
woke up the next day,
felt great,
was excited about going down there again.
All right.
Obviously,
you know that if I'm telling all these fucking the story in this detailed,
it's something ended up happening,
right?
So
next night,
same bucket thing,
I get down there,
I'm all excited,
right?
We get in the helicopter.
Same thing,
full moon again,
another great sunset.
And this time what I wanted to see,
bumper to bumper,
horrific fucking traffic.
Okay.
And I loved it.
I had no sympathy for my fellow man what I want.
I was selfish in that moment.
I wanted what I want.
I want it to be like,
yes.
That's why I did it.
And I needed all of these other people to suffer for me to feel good about the
decision that I made.
All right.
Well,
we all know what happens when you do shit like that.
When you treat your fellow man
like a fucking extra in the movie of your own life,
guess what happened?
I had two wonderful fucking shelves.
MMM.
And I get off stage and my instructor goes,
you're not going to believe this.
The airport is closed.
I go,
what do you mean his clothes?
He goes,
I looked at the no Tams,
which a notice to all airman,
and it said that they were working on,
you know,
the fucking lights,
the runway lights and all that shit at the airport.
But we were thinking,
Hey,
we're a fucking helicopter.
We do whatever we want,
right?
Not the case.
They're working on the lights.
So they shut the fucking thing down.
So now I,
we can't fly back.
And I'm like,
how the fuck am I going to get home?
The instructor has to get a hotel room because he's got to fly the helicopter
back because it's booked to be used on instruction the next day.
So we make sure he gets a fucking room.
And then,
um,
I ended up riding back with Josh Adam,
my office.
So I'm in the car.
Yeah,
he's got a friend there.
So now there's three of us in his,
basically his two seater,
you know,
his front and the back kind of had to kind of sit sideways.
Right.
So we're driving and I'm like,
God,
Jesus Christ.
And I laughed at my point and,
but you know,
it's late at fucking night.
We'll cruise home,
we'll listen to some tunes or whatever.
We started doing that and we get about three miles into the Gig and the fucking,
I see his break lights and I'm like,
oh no,
not,
not the shutdown of the highway.
And this exactly what it was.
It was a shut down on the highway down to two lanes.
And I'm thinking,
okay,
maybe,
maybe we'll just drive around some trucks down to one lane.
Okay,
okay.
Maybe they're just working on three lanes to the fucking off ramp.
They send it entire highway of people off the fucking off ramp tasks.
Like a fucking Carl's Jr and then go fuck yourself.
Yeah.
So now we're fucking ways.
Everybody's on ways trying to fucking figure out how to get there.
Try to get back to the highway when you can get back on it.
We finally see where we can take a left hand turn and we get to the intersection
and there's like six police cars and a fucking SUV that slammed into a tree.
So obviously there was some sort of car chase there,
so we can't make a left.
Is there a fucking reason why the fire department and the fucking police just
have to park and the most Douchey is fucking way.
So there's no possible way.
I know you don't want to get hit.
Jesus Christ.
Can you,
can you just give us an avenue Gallup go fuck.
I'm sure that's because when they did some fucking asshole hit somebody and they
got killed,
but I'm being selfish come together.
So when he was on telling you is my Karma,
I paid for it.
And um,
I didn't get home until fucking like I think two,
10 in the morning,
you know,
my beautiful daughter gets up at about,
Oh,
I dunno,
six 26 30 in the morning.
So right now I feel like I'm drunk.
However,
having said that,
um,
this month was one of the great month this past month,
they should say it was one of the great months of my life because for the simple
fact,
after 20 years of doing the road,
I was not on the road.
And uh,
I got to spend all this time with my family.
You don't just do it dad and husband Shit,
which I got to admit,
it's pretty awesome.
I remember I used to go to the mall and I would look at people,
you know,
okay,
pushing their kids around and blah,
blah,
blah.
And like,
I knew having a kid was awesome,
but I used to always look at them like,
oh my God,
look at them,
they're trapped,
they can't get out.
It was like claustrophobic to me.
And now that I'm in that situation,
I gotta admit I love going to the mall.
I really fucking enjoy it.
You know,
my daughter is hilarious.
We just push her around in the stroller and she waves to everybody,
you know,
going,
hi,
hi.
You know,
come on man.
A baby waves at you.
It says hi.
It's so he put putting smiles on grumpy people's faces.
It was so,
it was tremendous.
Um,
and I got a bunch of hours,
uh,
flying the helicopter.
You know,
I wanted to get up to 150 hours,
which I did last night.
I don't know what I got because I wasn't able to look at the Hobbs meter cause
we didn't fly back.
So I think I got a 0.5 and I was at one 49.9,
so I know I'm over.
So I got one 50.
So my goal is this year I want to get a 12 hours a month,
so by the end of the year have roughly about 300 hours.
And um,
okay.
You don't,
I don't know.
Whatever I ate,
I get into shit.
So having said that,
all right.
Okay.
It was still incredible experience and it's a good story.
You know that the fucking,
you know,
and I also learn something.
No one,
they shut down the lights just because we don't have to use the fucking runway.
You still can't fly out.
I learned that.
Um,
what else?
Uh,
oh,
and on Monday,
this is the make a wish week.
Then I'm having Monday,
uh,
I went with Dave,
my,
my drum teacher.
I went to ms sugar who I'd never seen live.
And uh,
I gotta tell you it was a fucking life altering experience.
I,
I can't remember the last time I saw fucking van that blew my mind like that.
They are a,
uh,
a heavy metal band.
I had heavy metal,
a metal band from Sweden to,
I've always heard of and I always tried to get into it,
but
okay.
The combination of the singer that Rah,
Rah,
Rah and singing like that.
I'm already an angry enough guy.
I'm like,
Jesus Christ,
am I really going to have this on my fucking hard drive?
Um,
and then like the music was so I didn't know what was going on.
I didn't like so many of the songs,
like the drummer is basically playing like a poly rhythm.
It's like his body is playing two different songs.
I mean the,
I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about,
but as far as I could tell,
it seemed like on top he would be playing in like four and then his feet are
just,
I don't know what they're playing.
Like a completely different song.
And then the band is playing the rhythm to his feet,
but the crowd is nodding to what the fuck he's doing with his hands.
Does anybody's grooving with this shit?
I Dunno.
Do you want to check out of a fucking unbelievable sign?
They got this song bleed.
Then on top he's playing like eighth notes with a backbeat on three.
Okay.
So everybody's head is moving to that like,
Gah,
I can't even do it.
Right.
But underneath his speed or going like deputy,
deputy,
the whole fucking song basically.
Yeah,
it's on top.
He's like,
Dad,
dad underneath this.
So keep going.
Insane.
Okay.
You know,
like I always like if you ever heard voices,
I can think that's the music version of that song.
Like up top was be somebody talking to you going like,
hey,
you want to go to the mall?
Maybe,
you know,
I heard they opened a new fucking Starbucks or blah,
blah,
blah.
And underneath you,
these demons going to edit it.
Dat,
dat,
dat.
Um,
it's like a seven minute song.
I'm never fucking seat.
And they played it live.
It just,
it sounded as good as what they played on the,
on the record.
And then the whole fucking night,
you never saw their faces.
It was just these fucking strobe lights going at you.
Yeah.
In the,
in,
you know,
lined up with the bass drum.
So everybody's fucking nod to the basis and gallbladder
Badabadabadabada bay to bay,
right.
It's like fucking gay,
gay,
Gay,
gay game,
your fucking face.
It was,
I never thought it'd be into some shit like that.
I,
I can't,
I can't say enough how fucking unbelievable that band is.
And you're doing yourself a disservice as a Cuban being if you never see them
live.
It was fucking unbelievable.
And the amount of like famous drummers that I saw standing there just fucking
geeking out,
big smiles on their face,
shaking their head,
you know,
like reaffirm it to me is just so,
casual fan of music that yes.
What I am is,
is hearing is that unbelievable?
It's so unbelievable that drummers that I'm blown away by are blown away by this
shit.
So I dunno.
I Dunno how many more tour dates they have.
I think I overheard somebody saying maybe that was the last on this run.
I Dunno.
But like for the rest of my life,
as long as those guys play,
when they come to town,
I'm definitely going to go see him.
And,
um,
I actually liked to sing.
And now when you,
and I think when you're dealing with the level of music like that,
that's so far beyond what the fuck you're listening to.
You know,
like,
I still occasionally listened to poison.
I'm not proud of it.
I'm not ashamed of it.
It's just what I listened to when I was growing up.
I was like fucking 16,
17 when it came out and a bay.
He's bad pay.
I see y'all back though.
I got fucking listen to him talk dirty me was a good fucking song.
So that's where I was coming from.
Before that,
I think,
I don't know,
I was listening to the partridge family and the monkeys,
so my sugar was a big leap for me.
Thomas Hockey is the name of their drummer.
Ed.
Um,
I got to know everybody's name in that band because I don't know how the fuck
they did what I saw that I've got.
I didn't see it live.
I wouldn't think that they could do it.
MMM.
Anyways,
Jesus Christ.
You know what it reminded me of when he played that Song live,
uh,
bleed
last time I heard something like that.
Always when,
uh,
somebody told me though to get that miles Davis album,
foreign Moore and Tony Williams is playing the ride cymbal.
So fucking at such a blistering temple,
but you can hear every note.
It's so clean.
It never gets muddy or anything and it's just like,
how can a human being do that?
You know?
Well,
maybe like buddy rich,
what he's playing like on his snare drum,
like a zillion miles an hour.
But you can,
like,
you can hear every note,
nothing overlaps.
This dude was basically doing that with his feet.
I've been trying to explain to people what the fuck he's doing.
I can't even do with my hands.
Like half the temple that he's doing with his feet and I can't even do that for
like four seconds.
And he plays that song for like seven minutes.
I don't know.
All right,
I'm done.
Please go see them live.
Uh,
Jesus Christ.
I think I'm going to have to,
and they'd been playing.
They'd been,
I guess they started it back like fucking 1989 which is even more unbelievable
because 1989 like what was popular and what was out there?
What came out in 89 in my world.
Dot.
Motley Crue.
Dr feelgood.
All right.
Which I love that album,
right?
He's the want to call it I to pay you good.
Right?
That's what the fuck was popular.
These guys had the balls to ignore that,
you know,
in fucking sitting there fucking garage and Sweden and workout per dealer.
A debater,
debater to butter.
Butter to butter Burger Burger.
But that's fucking unreal.
Um,
all right,
so,
so what else?
So I go to fucking Reno.
What am I favorite fucking cities?
Okay.
Anybody can go to Vegas.
It takes a real fucking man.
He going to read up.
That's when you know you're gambling.
Okay.
Reno is the most sugar of fucking casino towns.
Los Angeles,
I mean,
I'm sorry it Las Vegas.
That's poison.
Eh?
We Bros has it stone,
right?
Fat Checks doing the coyote ugly shit.
Okay.
Upon the bars.
That's what fucking Pegasus.
Okay,
but you,
you want the real shit,
the real degenerate fucking gambler that lost everything.
You go to Reno.
Um,
I don't know if that's a compliment.
It was trying to be maybe Laughlin,
Laughlin,
Nevada.
Every tell you that time I did that Gig I opened for Wynonna Judd in a parking
lot.
Okay.
She was so fucking,
you know,
it was,
she was such a big act and she was playing loft from the VAT or that they didn't
have a venue big enough for a show.
So they just set up two seats out in the fucking parking lot.
Like behind the crowd was the parking garage.
Like I could literally see my rental car while while I was on on stage bombing.
Okay.
Fucking bombing.
What was at the time I bought,
I met at a good set.
Now the time I was bombing was I opened for Wynonna Judd outside again at a
fucking race track,
like a horse race track or some shit.
I remember the sun was on it.
I was like an afternoon gig.
It's one of those things before you go on to say she was great.
She always treated me great and everything like that.
But people can listen to music during the day,
but you can't listen to standup like outside when the sun is up,
stand up.
It's a nighttime thing.
It's an indoor thing.
It's an evil thing.
It's,
it's an after fucking,
even eight o'clock feels too early to do my act to be honest with you.
MMM.
So I dunno what the fuck time it wasn't.
It must've been the summer because the sun was still out and I'm standing there
doing my bullshit outside,
you know,
you know you're doing your action,
you know the,
and you're thinking like,
Oh man,
I should've put on sunscreen.
So on stage,
and there's lesbians in the crowd,
right?
Um,
or the only heterosexual woman ever with that haircut was in the crowd.
She was dressed like Gi Jane if she stopped fucking working out.
Right.
And she,
the whole time I'm on stage,
she's going,
no,
no.
And she's turning around trying to get the rest of the crowd to do it.
You know,
they don't know thinking right now I realize what a fucking sexist cunt she was.
Cause I swear to God,
if I was a female comic,
she wouldn't have said Shit.
She would've given me a chance.
The whole fucking set.
I'm update trying to do my bullshit.
Right.
What's up with Bill Clinton?
Keep lead the cigar,
you know,
whatever the fuck I was talking about back then and she's gone.
Wow.
No.
And I finally just stopped and it go,
Hey lady,
I deliberately said,
cause I knew that would piss her off.
I go,
do you think I don't realize why everybody's here,
do you think?
I think that,
you know,
5,000 people showed up to a fucking race track at three o'clock in the afternoon
to see me
with no TV credits.
Listen,
why not?
A judge is coming out in 15 minutes no matter what.
Okay,
I'm not going to forget that and keep doing going and just doing my act.
And I kept just fucking went off on her and people will all,
you know,
cause it's country crowd,
family values,
everybody's all fucking Plat,
right?
Dayton within their own rice,
you know,
and I didn't get the crowd.
I didn't turn them around until I made fun of her haircut.
And then I did that.
And then all the conservative homophobes actually got down on my side.
I actually used homophobia in that desperate moment.
You know,
I still stand by it.
I don't feel bad.
Oh well maybe I feel a little bit bad about it,
but you know what?
Fuck her.
She sexist.
They go,
here's some fucking ugliness right back at Ya.
I still remember her fucking face.
You know what she looked like?
Remember that fucking did you see,
um,
the fuck who said shelf?
What's that American horror story?
Do you remember that season when they were in the insane asylum and then there
was that fucking mute and look at human big with the,
there was a woman,
she had like giant,
these giant fucking years.
She's actually gorgeous in real life.
I don't know what the fuck they did.
CGI had some shit.
She looked like,
I dunno what,
like like something out of a fairytale that lived under a bridge yet was sort of
adorable.
I Dunno.
That's what this woman looked like with glasses dressed like GI Jane.
They got the Monday morning.
Photoshop could not be any easier.
I just,
I just gave you a roadmap and she was going,
wow.
No,
no.
I want to say she had a little rat tail,
two braided calming down.
I don't know if that was one of those gigs when I was just fucking,
I'm a red got offstage and I just remember after I'd gone off when I was
thinking like,
Oh fuck,
I'm probably going to get fired off to this Gig,
but I don't think anybody really heard it.
In my mind,
that moment lasted 20 minutes.
It probably lasted all of eight seconds or 10 seconds.
How long does it take to just fucking decimates somebody?
I don't know.
I don't pretend to know,
but you know what people,
you know what it is this Sunday.
Do you have any idea what it is?
Is Sunday.
It's super bowl Sunday,
super bowl Sunday and then we England Patriots and the Rod precedented 10th
super.
Okay,
I'll go in for their six.
Do you realize if Tom Brady wins
the patriots win I should say right?
Tom Brady gets his sixth ring.
He will have more super bowl championships than every franchise in the NFL
except for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
The entire fucking franchise
right now he has more than every fucking franchise.
That's what I say to giant fans when they break my balls and we'd be it twice.
Yeah you did.
But you know what?
Tom Has more rings in your franchise and its entire fucking history.
So I will take those two losses.
And you know what?
If you could turn the fucking tables and Eli could be sitting here with five
rings and two losses to the Patriots,
you'd fucking take that too.
Why wouldn't ya?
You know
that'd be body takes that deal.
Those fucking terrorist take debt deal.
That's the same deal they take with the virgin.
Right?
What would you rather have my friend one here.
Oh fuck it.
Fucking 80 in the afterlife.
I'll fall.
Take the loss,
I'll take the fucking laws.
Um,
anyways,
uh,
I'll tell you,
I'll tell you Sunday or it's going to be a rough one.
Everybody,
I dunno,
you know,
every time the patriots go,
everybody wants to fucking patriots,
they're going to win and they give no fucking,
I mean the sports media does and the,
and the average mouth breathing moron gives no respect to the other fucking team
as if they didn't walk through a whole fucking wall of fire to get what the hell
they're at.
I'll tell you what scares me the most about the uh,
the eagles other than their defense is their running game.
That's what scares me and I am deathly afraid of that in the second half if they
sort of established it and they start chewing up the clock and start wearing
down our front for like Darren Sproles has like fucking video game speed.
I mean he is literally like a game changer level back and then they got Lou
blunt,
which you know,
you don't need to tell a patriots fan about how fucking,
you know,
clutch that guy is.
And Nick falls is not a,
is not a backup quarterback.
He said starting quarterback that lost his job and then stepped back in and made
it look like,
why the fuck did you ever put me on the bench?
Um,
I think it's going to be a,
a,
a really,
really close game.
And you know,
it's funny,
people are just like too,
what's it like?
You know,
your teams,
it and almost every year it must be like fucking no big deal to you.
It's always a big deal.
And anybody who's team has been in the Superbowl,
you die a thousand fucking deaths.
Even your team wins if your team loses,
you just have to fucking do.
You just can't watch ESPN or any,
any sports talk for a fucking week because it's going to kill you if you really
care and your offense.
So this is the funny thing.
I'm doing Conan O'brien the day after the Superbowl.
So that's either going to be,
you know,
me being elated or our fucking just sitting there devastated,
you know?
Yeah.
Superbowl losses are fucking devastating.
And you know,
it's funny,
I've gone to two Superbowls.
I went to the,
when the Patriots lost a Brett Farve,
I was there when Brett Farve to that first touchdown pass and took his helmet
off and ran down the field going,
oh,
you know,
as his agent rubbed his greedy hands together.
Now Brian,
when you score a touchdown,
take your helmet off so the whole world can see what an all American guy you
are.
We'll get you the Wheaties box.
Right?
That was the game within the fucking game.
Um,
and I remember walking out of the Super Dome,
you know,
having spent all that fucking money,
going back to your hotel room,
you're in New Orleans,
everybody's having a good time and you're fucking walking away like Charlie
Brown,
especially me with my big head.
Right?
And then you got to go to the airport the next day and just fly back quietly
with all fans from your team,
you know,
and you just see another person also wearing this same team had,
is she shows that just lost.
He just kind of look at each other,
you know,
put your eyebrows up.
Amy had a good season,
fucking brutal.
And then I also went to the patriots versus Saint Louis Rams,
the greatest show on turf.
Um,
and when we won,
and I got to feel that feeling like floating out of the stadium,
hugging complete strangers with the same,
you know,
it's,
it's unreal.
The level of emotion on that day is going to be crazy.
So,
um,
I,
you know what my feeling is for the game.
I'm just nervous.
Like this is going to be,
I think it's going to be another class.
This is nothing to all these fucking assholes,
you know,
go to a full conclude.
You flip the Patriots.
It's like the Patriots have probably been in arguably seven of the top 10 super
bowls of all time.
Every one of them has been like a heart stopper,
right?
Other than the bears.
One stunk.
The fucking,
um,
green bay packers one was,
was great until the opening kickoff,
I believe of the second half when that dude from Michigan ran it back.
Um,
but the fucking patriots ramp verse Ceramides when that game happened,
they would like,
that was the most exciting Superbowls ball time.
Then when we played the panthers with Jake Dalon,
you know that that game was fucking unbelievable.
The Eagles game wasn't that good dynamic nad puked that kind of ruined that one.
Right?
And then the fucking undefeated patriots,
spy gate,
all of that shit.
And then fucking the giants with the greatest fucking run on the road is a
wildcard team wins the helmet,
catch all of that,
even though we lost unbelievable fucking game.
Then we played the giants again.
All right,
Brady,
the Welker,
they dropped it.
Fucking heartbreaking.
And then Eli once again makes it incredible paths.
You can no longer say that he's got a horseshoe up his ass,
cause he did it twice,
right?
Not Great one.
Then the fucking eat the fucking hills of the Seahawks Ron Bird,
or write down on the goal line.
Marshawn Lynch,
you know they're going to give it to him.
How the fuck are the Patriots going to stop again?
They run a pick route.
Okay.
Malcolm Butler jumps the route and out of fucking nowhere.
Game over.
And then last year,
the greatest comeback in Superbowl history.
So if you fucking hate the patriots because they're in the super bowl again,
do you just basically hate the patriots because they,
they won so many,
but there's no fucking way you hate those games.
What a better games.
I before all of this bullshit went down.
The best one I ever saw.
It's still one of my favorite ones of all time was the cowboys versus Steelers
Superbowl 14.
MMM.
And I actually wonder if that had,
that,
that game has,
that game has to have the most hall of famers in it.
Let's go through it.
All right.
Franco Harris,
Terry Bradshaw,
Lynn Swann,
John Stallworth,
Mike Webster.
Lc Greenwood.
This is just the Steelers.
Okay.
Mean Joe Greene.
Yeah.
Jack Ham.
Jack Lambert.
Mel Blunt.
That's 10.
There's no fucking,
this is probably,
I bet you'd be hard pressed to find that 10 on two teams.
Um,
then the cowboys,
Roger's star back.
Tony Doerr said
Randy White.
Okay.
It's true.
Pearson in,
I gotta look up the cowboys that are in,
well,
so they have,
oh,
bill,
he's getting old.
He's getting old at Harvey Martin or ed too tall.
Jones make it in.
I,
they must have one other guy,
five.
And then the two coaches,
chuck Noll and Tom Landry.
Um,
other than that drop in the end zone,
which may,
well that's the one thing that sucked about that game.
Bless his,
he's gotta be the Zika as bad as I building a,
I actually lost money on that game.
I was in the fourth grade and I bet with this girl that I had a crush on I
better a quarter or something like that,
like 50 cents or 75 cents.
I can't remember if it was a big deal to make 75 cents.
It was a big deal back then.
It was like three packs of football cards.
So anyways,
I think it's going to be a great game and um,
hopefully we win so I don't have to go on dress like a fucking sad clown on
Kona.
But uh,
you know,
and I'm also doing something that I never do.
I'm going to a Superbowl party,
but it's only because I'm a dad.
Now we have this other great couple that,
you know,
they got the cutest kid ever.
Um,
so we're gonna go over there and watch the game,
chase the kids around and all that type of shit.
But,
uh,
you know,
I'm also going to record the game because if we win,
I'm going to want to come home after my daughter goes to sleep and I'm going to
want to watch it again and a,
and possibly smoke a cigar.
Um,
I gotta give a shout out to somebody.
I never really named names on this,
so I'm not going to say the name,
but last night I,
when I was,
you know,
before,
when I found out that the fucking,
we weren't gonna be able to fly back and I was like,
ah,
man,
you gotta be kidding me,
blah,
blah.
Fucking la.
Something always happens.
Um,
okay.
Somebody sent me back.
Uh,
he said,
hey,
somebody is sitting gave you this thing.
I was like,
oh my God,
what the fuck is this?
I was this big bag,
my color.
Fuck,
am I going to get this back?
I'm flying back in this little two seater,
right?
Oh at that point I knew that I wasn't flying back and I looked in,
it was a fucking box of Cuban cigars,
like a box of like,
I don't like 25,
which would be,
uh,
you know,
if you bought them individually,
that's like 1000 bucks.
So I was like,
Holy Shit,
what the fuck is this guy?
So immediately I'm thinking it's just like some fucking oil man,
you know,
some evil,
fucking psycho,
whatever.
And then there's this card in there and I opened it up and this is big long
letter in there.
I'm like,
Oh God,
this is this.
Some going to be some crazy person because that's how the world is.
And it was the nicest fucking letter I think I've ever gotten.
This person had just mentioned that they
had gotten into a motorcycle accident,
lost their leg and was going through this big depression and um,
you know,
a listened to my comedy and whatever the f Dick joke or what I was doing helped
them get through it and then he shows up with this giant fucking boxes,
cigars.
So I really want to die.
I ended up having somebody run out to make sure that I could say thank you to
the person took pictures and everything.
Fucking really,
you know,
you mean,
it's,
you know,
what usually happens to you at the end of the show?
All the cool people go home because they're cool.
And then some either some drunk lunatic,
which I always got a spot for drunk lunatic,
you know,
God knows I've been that guy and usually their heart's in the right place,
but it's usually some fucking psycho shows up.
Oh look who's here now.
I was talking about what,
uh,
you know,
just somebody who really wrote a really nice letter and,
not somebody else sell sucks.
Send me some pretty cool to give me a fucking led Zeppelin album with a picture
frame to frame it.
I'm not going to frame it,
I'm going to fucking listen to it.
Um,
but I just want to thank that person for,
um,
you know,
let me know that my comedy did affect him that way because,
you go on the road,
you're out there.
It's a weird time.
Everybody's overly sensitive.
It's nice to get some sort of positive feedback.
Um,
Nia,
why don't you come over here,
grab yourself a fucking pair of headphones.
Oh,
look at this.
Yeah.
Grab a headphones.
I've finally got the splitter.
Hold on a second.
Everybody.
Little technical difficulty of I back.
All right,
I'm back back.
No,
no.
You got a grant that was a wireless headphones.
You need to grab the headphones in the uh,
me that,
oh,
sorry.
Sorry.
I fixed job.
I finally got a splitter.
You know,
Todd rex was the last fucking person that I love on this podcast and I was going
to make,
sit across to me as I have the fucking headphones and they don't,
you know what I mean?
All so.
Yup.
You plug it in,
get get,
get,
get
plugged.
This fucker in right here.
Bam.
He grabbed the microphone.
Hello.
There we go.
Look at that.
Look at that modern technology.
Oh Shit.
It's 37 minutes.
Then you coming in right at the end.
Who Do you like in the,
in the Superbowl,
the New England patriots or the Philadelphia Eagles patrons.
Who is going to be,
it's going to be an unbelievable game.
Boston got over it for the paycheck.
You got to root for the Patriots.
Yeah.
Tom's going for number six,
the six super bowl ring.
Yup.
Great.
That's great.
Yeah.
Really looking forward to the,
what do you feel that,
what do you feel like some of the keys to the looking forward to that some of
the keys to the game?
Well,
I think what we need is a strong defense and you know,
on the other end we need a good office as well.
And you know,
we just got to catch that ball and just get it into the end zone.
You know what I mean?
And when it,
it's time to kick that bill goal,
you just got to kick it over the goal.
I'll be the goal.
I mean,
that's what you gotta do.
Right.
You know what I mean?
Then you gotta be real aggressive.
You got to keep the team from [inaudible]
tackling the guy with the ball running
to try to score a touchdown.
Right.
And stop those guys who were trying to stop your a guy is what?
I mean,
you got to stop those guys from stopping your guy.
And what do you think the Patriots game plan is going to be against the eagles
running game?
Oh my God.
It's going to be,
it's going to be really focused.
It's going to be like,
oh,
like get it man.
Just get in there and you know,
don't take any shit.
Let them score on the man.
Oh God.
You know,
it's funny.
That's what a lot of Superbowl analysis sounds after those poor bastards after
two fucking weeks.
That's like all they got.
Like,
yeah.
Just you got to score points.
I got nothing.
How much longer do we got to sit here?
All right.
Well one of,
one of the,
uh,
people came out to the show last night.
It was nice not to get me a box of Cuban cigars.
Wow.
Box,
actual Cuban cigars from Cuba,
Cuba.
Um,
you're going to smoke them?
No,
Nia,
I'm going to stare at,
I'm going to let him get all dried out.
Oh,
you know what?
Chop them up and put them in my keynote.
We should bring one,
two a on Sunday to the games.
I absolutely am.
I hope I'm going to be able to light it up like read Arabic and the fucking
fourth quarter.
Absolutely.
Light it up.
Make it happen,
you know,
and don't take any shit.
Okay.
Who was the other why?
The way everybody,
how great was my lovely wife on crashing this week is thank you.
Huh?
How great were you?
You're an amazing actor.
You're playing yourself,
but you're a really good actor so it's not acting when you're playing yourself.
Oh,
thank you.
That's just existing.
Yeah,
being the asshole you are.
Well you know I haven't watched it yet.
I'm going to,
I gotta sit down and check it out.
It's really good.
It's not anything that'll make you be like,
Oh God,
what did I do that like every moment it's very pure and natural,
so I thought you were right.
There's something just not natural about watching yourself.
No.
You should never see the back of your head while you're talking.
Yeah.
It's like am I am having like a near death experience right now?
We see even worse you're like,
oh my God,
this is what other people see.
Yeah.
I need to face people more cause you see your face like brushing your teeth,
you see your face.
I don't know if you've ever noticed that he faces right there in the middle of
the mirror India.
I don't know if you ever notice that.
Yes it is.
I'm always looking at my face.
Always look on my face like moisturizing.
I can share a no,
but it was,
it was a great experience,
so thank you.
Thank you.
Before without you,
I would not have been able to be on the show.
Thank you for that.
You would think that I'm,
maybe I am holding back your career and without me you could have gone like
Oprah.
Right?
Just had a cocker Spaniel that you love.
You got to the top of the mountain.
She still has a guy by her side,
but I don't know.
I don't,
I didn't know that Steadman.
Oh that's right.
Yeah.
Is he the guy used to dance with the umbrella with puffy.
Is that him?
What was that guy's name?
That is Fonzworth Bentley.
Is that Steadman son?
It should be,
if he named Steadman,
your son should be called Fonzworth.
Now that's,
no,
I don't think his name was actually pleased that late,
but now he's like,
I don't know exactly what he does.
He wouldn't,
he would like vogue.
Well,
we're holding an umbrella.
He wasn't
now
you're all over the place right now,
but the references now he uh,
he's like a guy that like what's it all together?
He's like to me undies of umbrellas.
And then he started his own line of umbrellas.
Yeah,
but he's like connected to like,
everybody in the music industry is a part of like,
Kanye is creative team somehow.
I don't know.
I just feel like he's the guy that makes shit happen.
He's not the umbrella guy anymore.
He's like,
what do you think he needs to get his keys to the game this Sunday?
What do you mean he just wants to keep sustaining?
He's just got to get in there.
I said Kiddie Shit.
I think you have a second career as a motivational speaker.
I think so.
All right,
well my first book is going to be called get it in there.
I love that cookbook that you have on the fucking,
uh,
the kitchen table out there and looking at cookbooks cause I'm trying to get all
the covers hilarious.
It's this impossibly gorgeous fucking woman cry CT where they're fucking Halford
titty hanging out and she's got her hair up so you know she's ready to go to
work.
Full makeup and then cookie cutter,
like distressed jeans.
That's how she cooks in the kitchen.
You got to have your lipstick on,
right?
It's a cover of a book.
You have to look good.
I know.
It's just,
I love how she looks,
but that's the thing that makes all like the fatties and feminists and all that
get upset.
Like,
Oh,
don't get upset.
How am I supposed to live up to this?
Oh God,
feminist.
Don't get upset at Chrissy.
Teagan's the real ones right now.
No,
the real ones don't know.
What do you mean the real ones?
Well isn't like every scene has like the posers and then they have the real
ones,
right?
No,
the problem is you don't know what feminism is.
I don't.
You just think
you just think anything regarding women is like feminism and you're like,
yeah,
feminists hate that and you're like,
you don't know.
Okay,
well then women,
a lot of a lot of women on social media don't like that because it creates an
impossible image to live up to,
which I think is one of the most self centered.
Like I don't look at fucking Brad Pitt in fight club.
It'd be like really Brad,
that's just creating a positive image for me to live up to like how arrogant
would I have to be
even you're saying that because that's exactly what fight club is about is about
what it's about.
That guy and Edward Norton's character being like kind of like searching for his
identity and feeling like he has to find his identity through consumption
through looking a certain way.
Remember that scene on the bus when him and Brad Pitt are like looking at the
ads,
like sort of like the Calvin Klein male underwear ads and they were like,
is that what a man is supposed to look like?
That's what that whole movie is essentially about.
I have no recollection of that.
I just remember when he and his,
his like his mind gets fractured in such a way that he creates this alternative
identity,
which is Brad that looks
like Brad Pitt that has the body like Brad Pitt that like fucks like Brad Pitt
because he's thinking that this is what it means to be a man and also has this
like anarchist kind of like mentality,
a bunch the shit out of each other in a basement.
Did you miss that whole theme of the movie?
That's the old people of the movie?
No,
I just remember,
oh look,
good meatloaf.
When he took his shirt off,
I was like,
Jesus Christ the bitch tits.
That's what they called it.
Yeah.
That movie is amazing.
I only saw one time.
Yeah.
But I never looked at Brad Pitt and thought like,
oh,
I gotta get an shit though.
Like,
like I'm actually competing with them.
I'm not to compete with somebody,
they have to be within my Mike site.
You know what I mean?
When you're that far over the fucking horizon.
Yeah,
forget they don't even exist.
There was like when I math class and then fucking my senior year,
within two fucking weeks that the teacher was just over the horizon.
And I remember the year before I flunked math and had to go to summer school and
two weeks in my senior year,
I was just like,
oh this again.
Last year I actually kept going back for extra help,
like this was going to change something and I just quit by tapped out like two,
like in September had a boy,
I gotta tell you,
it was one of the most fun classes I ever had.
I used to get like eight and 11 s on tests.
Like,
you know,
what'd you get?
I got an 85 I would get like single digits.
Oh,
I was,
I thought you were talking about some new way of like great things and like what
are eight like hundred percent you got an a,
I got the smart goal in front of me would get a hundred and I would get an
lately in a it's,
yeah.
And that was a thing and me and my other buddy went to summer school the year
before we would,
we would get them back and we,
you know,
he was like two rows away from me who,
and I would just hold them up as a good joke who could do worse and he'd hold up
like an 11 and I would laugh when I'd be like,
and that it hold up an eight and he would have his hand over his mouth frying.
Fucking laughing.
That's a cool memory.
Excellent.
Oh,
it's fucking liberating.
Not giving a fuck,
you know,
it's just like if,
yeah,
I cared the year before I cared.
I had headaches and shit and I'd be fucking trying to pass.
It was,
yeah,
it was,
it was like a,
what's the lesson in this staff care?
No.
The lesson is,
is in order to be successful,
you have to know what you suck at so you don't waste any brain power trying.
You know,
like one time I saw this story about Lawrence Taylor,
right?
Phil Sims told this story.
He's a football player,
arguably the greatest linebacker of all time.
Black Guy,
right?
Of course,
of course,
change the game.
The great white line backers were in the 60s.
Crew cuts.
They look like,
you know,
they a great why angry cops because they were the only ones allowed to play.
No,
no,
they weren't good.
Come on man.
This is,
it's still bright white line backers like,
uh,
Chris Billman.
Uh,
yeah,
he's uh,
go out.
There was a guy,
the bed or lacquer on the bears that Dab bears was,
no,
he isn't.
Okay.
Keep going.
I don't click football cards and when I know that's gotta be a good,
it was at roided out blown a tick who spit in people's faces on the Broncos,
have no idea who dislocated a former teammates elbow on Shannon Sharpe on a
Monday night football.
I now forget that,
that he did that.
I was like,
this guy is a fucking serial killer.
Shannon Shannon.
Oh,
is he?
Um,
he smart?
No,
he's the one.
Uh,
I,
I tweeted at mile with that yet.
Yeah.
I don't know what that means with that.
Yay.
Hey Ma with that yet.
He went on a,
he was on there and he was celebrating something.
So he took out a black and mile and he was like,
I'm on nine mile a day yet.
Skip.
You're talking crazy scale.
That guy.
Yeah,
I guess so.
I remember you showing me that and I wanted,
then you explained to me in a row,
it was something about whatever he was smoking and Cognac.
It was like,
whoa.
I like black people lost their fucking minds cause it's just a super,
super black thing.
Super insight.
I get it.
That's like your uncle.
He's like your uncle.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um,
where are we talking about white people's accomplishments?
Boring.
When you're talking about this entire monuments made of all of our
accomplishments,
this is entire cities about all the things we've achieved.
Congratulations.
You know,
our version of what happened
is chiseled into those monuments now.
But nobody thinks you're cool.
Here's the thing,
what is not cool about flying?
You don't like cars?
I know we're not moonwalking but I mean it's kind of cool to go from La to New
York and six hours,
isn't it?
We fake the lunar landing and that's some dope shit,
We've got to have some sort of street cred.
Wait,
Tom Brady is white and he is a,
he is white.
He is a quarterback though.
He's on a linebacker,
right?
He's a quarterback.
A linebacker is a really big like refrigerator Perry.
Nope.
He was a defensive lineman.
He's the InSHAPE version.
Like,
like a lot of down lineman are a little bit fat.
And then the linebackers,
linebackers have built like the hulk.
Um,
Odell Beckham.
What,
what position does he play?
He's a wide receiver.
Okay.
I'm just trying to think of,
there's a lot of good mob,
white wide receivers of come back.
Okay.
Yup.
Well good.
He goes,
get in there.
All right.
I gotta get on with my day here.
Um,
and I gotta tell you,
it's one of my most,
my most fun acting gigs ever.
That it's,
I got to be on screen with deal.
How awesome is said,
right?
We're like Joanne Woodward and Paul Newman,
except to a much lesser degree.
I don't think Mann's Chinese theater is going to be calling this anytime soon.
Hey listen,
pay.
Never know.
You never know what's going to happen.
I'm,
I will be able to watch that.
Years later it'd be like,
you know,
it'd be like,
why didn't you use me in it?
It will be like,
well,
cause you weren't a twin and you're only allowed to work three hours at a time.
That's why it,
that's why.
There you go.
Alright,
that's the podcast.
Everybody enjoy the super bowl.
Uh,
congratulations to base both franchises,
but getting there.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's going to break my fucking heart if the Patriots lose,
but I will tell you this,
I will actually be happy on another level because the eagles and never won one
and those,
you know,
did you eat?
There's a fucking eagles fan crying.
When Carson Wentz went down,
literally called a fucking a sports talk show,
got on the phone and started crying.
When they're starting quarterback without,
he's like,
Yo,
I mean,
whether you're never going to work out for us.
And the dude was all weirded out go and you're crying,
crying.
And then niche sports fans are very,
but you guys are super passionate.
Like you're crazy.
Like you're a little scary.
It's all we have for the most part.
We're not good looking.
Our personal lives are not where we want them to be.
We don't have the job that we want.
It's all we have.
Oh God.
And then nothing.
What makes your fucking year is to predict something and it actually happens.
And then you just want people to remember and you just,
you just walking around the sports bra.
I said,
it's sad and you know,
you look like,
remember that dude,
he gets stabbed in the beginning of fucking scar face walking around that tent
city.
That that's what you look like.
You just holding your Geico,
don't I matter anybody?
Um,
all right,
that's it.
That's the podcast.
Have a great weekend.
Enjoy the Superbowl ad.
Hopefully the Patriots get a win.
Um,
I dunno.
We'll see.
I am definitely,
I think it's going to be a really close gut wrenching game.
All right.
That's my prediction.
And then I'll be like,
I said it all right.
See Ya.
Well,
can
I don't
have
to
talk to
mentor.
I was watching one of those 30 for 30.
Yeah.
MMM.
And they did this whole thing on,
on athletes going broke.
It was really bad.
There's a ton of people who've gone broke.
Most of them didn't want to do the documentary.
Like why would you,
you know what I mean?
Hey,
you want to talk about how you completely fucking blew it?
No,
I don't.
I don't,
I never resent the fact that the end of your documentary,
you're going to be running a list with my name on it.
You know,
that's what they had is the end of it.
Yeah.
But,
um,
I was watching it and I felt bad for people,
but after a while it was just the same fucking story over and over again.
Then I went on a splurge.
The first thing I bought for myself was a Cadillac escalades and I want to
earrings that,
you know,
we're $30,000 I always wanted to portray
and it's as much as I want to say that if I was 21 years old and he gave me $1
million that I would probably fuck it up too.
I just don't think I would,
you know,
I had a lot of these guys,
you know I got a check for $55,000 and I saw hummer.
I had to get it talk to the guy down to $49,000 and it's like if you just got a
check for 55 fucking grand after paying all the people in your life,
your agent,
whoever else she got,
where else has taken a g,
a lawyer,
whoever taze else takes a chunk out of that check,
whatever's left on it,
that the government's going to come in and take a 40 40% where if you get a
check for 55 grand,
I mean what,
what do you go left 20 grand?
And he just went out and bought a $50,000 Hama.
I Dunno.
But anyways,
the point I wanted to make was at the end of it,
you have to show and all these people going through this hell,
they have this guy that who's supposed to be evidently some sort of a financial
advisor and in the end they were talking about Lebron James going eat is going
to be,
he has a potential be other than tiger woods pre divorce,
um,
a billionaire athlete.
Look at the Brown.
Well that's an opportunity via being their athletes tog side in this,
you make it like how exciting is that?
And they go,
what,
what would your advice be to this,
to Lebron James on how to hang on to his billion dollars?
And the guy goes,
he goes,
don't blow it.
Keep it simple.
Count your money.
What?
He said,
okay,
don't blow it.
Keep it simple.
Challenge and money.
It might've been the dumbest thing I ever heard and I immediately,
I had no sympathy for anybody in the fucking documentary.
It's just like even like,
why is this guy on this document?
Who the fuck is that guy?
That's the guy who manages money.
That's,
hey,
I got $1 billion.
How do I hold onto this?
Where should I invest it?
What do I do?
What advice do you got for me?
Oh,
it's simple.
Don't blow it.
Keep it simple.
Count your money.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
I'll be,
I'm outta here.
Fucking ridiculous.
Okay.
Oh,
it was basically,
it was an hour and a half of listening to morons telling you what the fuck they
bought with all their money and I don't know.
Okay.
I felt bad,
but there was another part.
It was just one guy that I really felt bad for because,
okay.
The,
it was the hurt that he had.
Okay.
You know,
like Andre [inaudible] was on the thing and he's sitting there in his suit with
sunglasses on mirrored sunglasses during the interview and just right there,
it's like,
yeah,
dude,
you,
I'd give you another million if I had it.
If I gave it to you,
you,
you fucked that up.
Why?
Because you're sending here in a shiny suit.
Was fucking sunglasses on.
Well were like Michael Jackson at the award show.
Right.
So anyways,
the one guy actually really bothered me was theirs.
If you ever watch it,
it's 30 for 30 broke.
There's a guy who's sitting there and he's just ever so slightly lean to one
side.
And the just the,
the pain,
uh,
in,
in his voice.
Yeah.
He's just,
just sitting there going,
ah,
I made a
$75 million in that career and that,
yeah.
Add me up.
Mercedes
got a homo,
got me a boat.
It's just sitting there looking down on his knee,
like playing with his pant leg,
a jet ski,
and
imagine
a couple of cars.
I pretty much gave it away.
Yeah.
And you just,
I had to look away.
It was fucking brutal.
But the rest of it was just a bunch of knuckleheads.
Okay.
I felt bad for Bernie Kosar to cause burning coals,
you know,
I don't know.
It seemed like his took his money.
I don't know what the fuck was it?
I knew with my signing bonus,
she's paying off his mortgages and paying off the house and the cars and things
of that nature.
But the A,
as I came to find out a little bit later,
the,
uh,
the Cleveland browns also cut a contract for my father who got $1 million.
It's,
it's a really,
it's a,
it's a great,
all the 30 for 30 [inaudible] are awesome.
This one is awesome,
but they just should have had a couple of,
okay.
They did,
you know something that's not true cause they had like four or five guys.
There was only two people who really came off like morons,
but they were just so,
they was such morons that I felt it tainted the whole thing.
Okay.
Ah,
that is,
might've been the dumbest thing I ever heard.
What is your advice?
Don't blow the sample chapter.
All right.
I'm sorry.
What was that even remotely fucking interesting.
I love watching those 30 for 30 is I got to watch the Bo Jackson one.
Um,
there was just something about that like,
you know,
for as,
as much as they showed the amount of people that went broke,
there's been so many more people in the league that didn't go broke.
Yeah.
So really what you just showing us select group of Morons.
Okay.
You know,
who are going out and buying a corvette and sticking a fucking hot tub in the
back of it.
You know,
living week to week on paychecks.
I mean,
I just don't think that most people are doing that.
I would really think that if,
if I was barely on the team,
I would be saving every dime.
I know I would.
Okay.
I've done that.
This business,
I've never fucking,
okay.
You know,
it's common if you're in any sort of entertainment
next
to.